[Music]
this year's msi it's cool to be back in
europe for for an msi but i I kind of
wish we weren't in the EU LCS studio but
looking forward to going to Paris
because the French fans are so so great
and yeah would really like to see Team
Liquid started winning I have a Chinese
journalist come up to me and stand
called North America a wild-card team
but then we beat RNG today so it's all
good yeah oh man
which team make it into the playoffs I
don't know I should say orangey because
of all the fans so let's go with RNG and
then King zone and flash wolves fnatic
team like team like Whittle do team
liquid will do it I think yes was that
good we're back for the daily number
three what you just saw was me getting
interviewed by Candice you guys might
remember I interviewed her back at
Worlds last year she's the LPL
interviewer at hosts and so anyway they
got footage of me interviewing caps
maybe Brodin is in there but then they
put that on the LPL broadcast before
tomorrow starts so maybe I'll be finally
famous in China which is really why I've
been doing all of this over the years
[Music]
all right we're wrapping up the evening
I know this whole like daily thing is
just big up Travis at dinner plus
something else but with Coby who's there
I said I don't have to sing he doesn't
have to say anything and shocks who's
here
she took us to a place called Chicago
Williams barbecue cuz I was missing
American food a little bit the beer is
good the food looks amazing and we're
gonna dive into it we're not done with
day three and Team Liquid by the way
I've always a reference team like that
they've picked up one win one out of six
so we're making it work maybe it'll
change but the food's good I've really
excited about the food so that's that's
you know day three
[Music]